implement meta repo (#166)
rsksmart/rif-marketplace-dev: README.md

# RIF Marketplace developers guide

> This project provides an easy to use developers environment for the **RIF Marketplace** project. If contains a multitude of scripts in the `package.json` file. It installs and sets up all the required components to run the **RNS Name Services**, **Storage Pinning Services** and **Notifier Services (wip)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides an easy to use developer environment for the **RIF Marketplace**(Legacy) project via a number of scripts in the `package.json` file. It installs and sets up all the required components to run the **RNS Name Services**, **Storage Pinning Services** and **Notifier Services (wip)**. (Currently, with the exception of the libp2p *[pubsub module](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-communications-pubsub)* that forms the communication layer between the cache and the storage services)
```

# Dependencies

## Prerequisities

> 0. node v10 (or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [n](https://github.com/tj/n) with node v10 installed (**to be upgraded**))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. node v10 (installed directly, or using your favourite Node.js manager, such as [fnm](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm), [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), [n](https://github.com/tj/n), etc)(**to be upgraded**)
```

could we create a PR to propose to fix this in erc1820?

Author: yep

- `npm run mkp` - will do the same, but only for the contracts, cache and dapp.
3. Use `pm2` to see the list of running processes (`pm2 list`), logs(`pm2 logs <id|name>`), etc.
You should see the result similar to this one
![pm2-list](/assets/images/pm2-list.png)

`meta` tool provides a convenient interface to work with multiple repositories simultaneously. There are different plugins for bulk operations, including `git` and `npm`. Some examples are:
- `meta git status`, `meta git status --include-only dir1,dir2`
- `meta git update`
- `meta git -b checkout branch-name`
- `meta npm install`
- `meta exec "<any-command>"`

Please refer to the documentation for more details.

# Detailed Setup:
## 1. Developers Environment
Download and setup the RIF Marketplace Developer Environment
```
meta git clone git@github.com:rsksmart/rif-marketplace-dev.git

cd rif-marketplace-dev
```

### 1.1. Starting local blockchain
Now you can start local blockchain in terminal, pm2 or docker with
```
npm run ganache-cli or npm run ganache-cli:mining or npm run ganache-cli:pm2
```

> 

Reviewer: might be easier to read if it is split:

Now you can start local blockchain in
- terminal:
```
npm run ganache-cli
```
- pm2:
```
npm run ganache-cli:pm2
```
- or docker:
```
npm run ganache-cli:mining
```

btw, why is it "mining" for docker?  is that a typo?

Author: nope, it's a terminal as well, the docker is  below

Docker
```
docker-compose up

> ```

Reviewer: oh maybe you can add this to the suggested code-block for docker run above.

## 2. RIF Communications Pubsub Bootnode

> **Temprarily disabled and not downloaded. libp2p communication has been potsponed. Skip this paragraph.**

Reviewer: I see... we should make clear though that without this the cache will not be able to communicate with the pinner and upload services.

Author: Naz told me it works via api

Reviewer: ok

sh forward.sh
```

> Alternatively, you can start a mining local blockchain with the command `npm run ganache-cli:mining`. It will mine a block every 15 seconds.

Reviewer: Describe where to change the mining rate.

Author: ok
